[Elixir] Add analyzer comments for boutique-inventory (#2101)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/elixir/boutique-inventory/use_enum_filter_or_enum_reject.md

# Use `Enum.filter` or `Enum.reject`

> One purpose of this exercise it to learn about filters. Use the `Enum.filter` or `Enum.reject` function in the `with_missing_price` function to practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `Enum.filter` or `Enum.reject` function in the `with_missing_price` function. Those are the best fitting `Enum` functions for this task.
```
